AFTERCARE

Tattoo Aftercare
1. Remove bandage within 2 hours. If the bandage sticks to the tattoo, wet slightly and gently remove.

2. Wash gently with non-scented, antibacterial soap and warm water. DO NOT scrub or soak your tattoo.

3. Pat dry your tattoo with a fresh towel. DO NOT rub dry.

4. Apply a thin layer of Aquaphor or unscented hand lotion often for 5 to 7 days (washing it before each time).

5. Avoid pools, beaches, jacuzzis, baths or dirty conditions for a week and a half. Loose fitting clothing should be worn over the tattoo for the duration of the healing process to avoid irritation.

6. Do not pick or scratch at the flaky-like scab that will develop as it heals. Always use clean hands when handling your new tattoo.

7.  Contact your artist if you have ANY questions regarding your tattoo during the healing period.
Body Piercing Aftercare
1. Always wash hands thoroughly with liquid, antibacterial soap before touching the piercing.

2. Prior to washing the piercing with soap, rinse with warm water any buildup that has developed during the healing process. Wash piercing at least twice daily with liquid, antibacterial soap. Turn the piercing jewelry as washing. Rinse thoroughly and pat dry with a fresh paper towel. Do not rub.

3. Never use any alcohol, peroxide or any creams or ointments of any kind.

4. If you have any questions or problems with your new piercing, please contact your piercer.

Tongue/Mouth Piercing Aftercare
1. Swelling may be reduced by holding ice water in the mouth or by taking an over-the-counter antihistamine.

2. Rinse mouth with Listerine diluted 50% with clean water after each time you eat or drink anything other than water, or a minimum of every two hours.

3. Avoid all activity involving your piercing coming into contact with anything that may be contaminated with bacteria. No licking, kissing or putting foreign objects in your mouth. This avoids possibility of infection or trauma.

4. If you have any questions or problems with your new piercing, please contact your piercer.