Frequently Asked Questions

Q: What is your policy during Coronavirus?
A:  COVID-19: We have staffing, sanitation and social distancing mandates in place for the safety of our clients and artists. This includes requesting all clients to wear a face mask at all times if you are not fully vaccinated, practice hand washing/sanitizing before and after any paperwork or transactions, postponing your appointment if you or anyone you have come in contact with may have been exposed to the virus, and by not bringing additional guests to your appointment.  

 Q: Is there anything I should do to prep for my appointment?
A: Please arrive no more than 15 minutes prior to your appointment. 
Please call us as soon as possible if you are going to arrive late. 
Please make sure that you do not arrive on an empty stomach. We don’t want you to get light headed and pass out. 
Wear comfortable, loose fitting clothing (especially over the area you are getting tattooed).

 Q: Do you take walk-ins?
A:  We have a limited availability for walk-in tattoos as our artists’ schedules fill up quickly. The piercer is typically available to take walk-in piercings between 11:00 pm to 6:00 pm each day. To inquire about availability for same day services it is best to call the shop prior to 6:00 pm at (470) 395-2573. 

 Q: I’m under 18, can I get a tattoo or piercing if my parent brings me?
A: Sorry, but NO. Ga. Code 16-5-71.1 prohibits services administrated or admittance to anyone under age 18. Please don't bring your kids to your tattoo appointment, we like them, but it's not allowed.

Q: How do I guarantee my appointment.   
A: A $50 deposit is required to guarantee your appointment. Your $50 deposit goes towards the cost of your tattoo. PayPal to diligentlobotomy@gmail.com or Venmo @Edward-Argibay (phone number 8993). Please include with the first name of the client being tattooed. You can also pay with cash or card in person or card over the phone if you call during shop hours. (Deposits will be applied towards the cost of your tattoo. Once confirmed, they are not refundable, appointment can be changed with 48 hour notice, or Covid emergency notice. Changes must be confirmed with your artist. No call, no shows will be forfeited.)

Q: Can I buy a tattoo or piercing for my friends or family?   
A: Of course! We have gift certificates available for purchase in any denomination. Please talk to any member of our team or send us an email to purchase. We want your gift certificate to be as personal as your gift.